[Music]
so I snuck into the Miami Boat Show a
day early just to look around and I had
to stop at the Honda Alford booth when I
saw this beautiful new Acura NSX
automobile isn't this sweet then I
turned around and saw this a Honda
outboard concept built by the Honda
advanced design studio in Los Angeles
holy cow
so it turns out one of the guys on
creating this motor is Garrett Hall from
the Honda design team that created it so
Jared why did Honda build this motor and
bring it to Miami well we did this
because we want people to be excited
because we're very serious about the
marine business that we have and he will
continue to do our best to make exciting
products for our customers as well as
for other boat makers that use our
motors so one of the most interesting
design elements on this outboard it's a
carbon fiber wing blade what was your
inspiration for that I'm glad you
noticed that Charles basically we pulled
a lot of inspiration from the NSX
that's my favorite part as well the
great things about andhe's the ability
to synergize with all those different
grooves and products to make an even
better product and that's that's part of
the concept with this motor is taking
automotive and marine and combining them
in a positive way to make something news
exciting with a custom link the Honda's
made it clear that this outboard is just
a concept it's similar to a concept they
might feel for an auto show designed to
inspire to instigate to get people
dreaming about the future it's also an
indication of Honda's commitment to the
future of the marine industry read more
about it from folks com
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters